Add ai to policy page (#545)
ResearchComputing/Documentation: docs/ai-ml/ai-resources.md

- The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center (PSC) offers workshops and webinars focused on AI/ML research using the NSF-funded Neocortex system and Cerebras hardware. Learn more on the [PSC Neocortex Training Page](https://www.psc.edu/resources/neocortex/training/).

## Policy, Ethics, & Responsible AI Use
### CU Boulder AI Data Security Guidelines

> - Guidance from CU Boulder on precautions to take to ensure data security is maintained when using AI tools, particularly for data that may be considered sensitive.  See the [CU Boulder AI Data Security Guidelines](https://oit.colorado.edu/services/it-security/artificial-intelligence-ai-data-security-guidelines).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Guidance from CU Boulder on precautions to take to ensure data security is maintained when using AI tools, particularly for data that may be considered sensitive, is provided on the [CU Boulder AI Data Security Guidelines](https://oit.colorado.edu/services/it-security/artificial-intelligence-ai-data-security-guidelines) page.
```
